mention screen or tmux before running playbooks (#79)
appuio/ops-techlab: labs/22_installation.md

In the previous lab we prepared the Ansible inventory to fit our test lab environment. Now we can prepare and run the installation.

> To make shure the Playbook finishes, even there are Networkissues we strongly encourage you to use `screen`, `tmux` or a similar tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure the playbook keeps on running even if there are network issues or something similar, we strongly encourage you to e.g. use `screen` or `tmux`.
```
